chore: adds release notes for 5.0.1 and bring back upgrade instructions (#2086)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/cht/migration/helm-charts-4x-to-5x-migration.md

  Guide to migrate Helm Charts from 4.x to 5.x
---

## Overview

> This guide covers the migration of Kubernetes based CHT 4.x deployments using the [legacy Helm charts](https://github.com/medic/helm-charts) to the [new charts](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/tree/master/scripts/build/helm) introduced in CHT 5.x. The new Helm chart require updates to your `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers the migration of Kubernetes based CHT 4.x deployments using the [legacy Helm charts](https://github.com/medic/helm-charts) to the [updated charts](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/tree/master/scripts/build/helm) introduced in CHT 5.x. The new Helm chart requires updates to your `values.yaml` file.
```

    # To mount to the root of the volume: dataPathOnDiskForCouchDB: ""
    # To use the default "data" subpath, remove the subPath line entirely from values.yaml or name it "data" or use null.
   
   # Add required API service configuration
   api:
     service:
       type: ClusterIP
   
   # Upstream server configuration
   upstream_servers:
     docker_registry: "public.ecr.aws/medic" # DEFAULT: Good default
     builds_url: "https://staging.dev.medicmobile.org/_couch/builds_4" # DEFAULT: Good default
   
   # Update image versions to 5.x
   chtversion: 5.0.0
   cht_image_tag: 5.0.0
   ```

4. Depending on the hosting environment, make a final edit to `migration-5x-values.yaml` file:

{{< tabs items="GKE,EKS,K3s-K3d" >}}

{{< tab >}}
  ```yaml
  couchdb:
    persistent_disk:
      size: <size>  # Set appropriate size for your needs
  ```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab >}}
  ```yaml
  ebs:
    preExistingEBSVolumeSize: <size>  # Set appropriate size for your needs
  ```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab >}}
  ```yaml
  couchdb:
    storage_class: local-path  # was: "local-storage"
  ```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

### Step 2: Perform the Migration

> 1. Upgrade the helm deployment form same directory as `migration-5x-values.yaml`.  As well, update `/path/to/cht-core` to be the location where CHT Core repo is checked out:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade the helm deployment from the same directory as `migration-5x-values.yaml`.  As well, update `/path/to/cht-core` to be the location where the CHT Core repo is checked out:
```
